Bing!
What a flight. I'm so tired.
-Goodnight
-Night. See you guys in the morning
Nice room
Wait a minute
What's up?
There's only one bed
So? It's like a king-sized. We'll share.
No we were supposed to get two beds. I'm gonna go to the front desk.
Chris
Please I'm super tired. Okay. I don't feel like switching rooms right now. Okay, you and I are friends and adults
Can we just share a bed?
Yeah, of course.
Thank you
Yeah, wait, wait wait.
Yeah?
What are you doing?
I like to sleep in my underwear.
Yeah, so do I, but we're sharing the bed. So keep your shorts on
What's the difference between my shorts and my underwear?
Phil it is one more layer of fabric
between me and
your stuff
You're sounding a little homophobic.
No. No it is not about that. I just don't want to accidentally touch
You.
Well, whatever you touch is going to be the same whether I'm in my shorts or my underwear
So get over it
[Knocking]
No.
How did you know what I was gonna ask?
Look Chris. I travelled the world eight years with Phil, okay?
I know he moves around in his sleep
A lot
Please. I can't.
What's up?
I...wanted to see if you'd like to switch rooms with me.
I'm kind of already into my evening routine, so
I'd prefer not to.
Come on Taylor feels. Phil's.. He's being weird
Chris
All of us have to share a bed with Phil at one point
Get over it
[ping]
Oooh, my bath salts are ready. Gotta go. Bye!
Hmm. See Chris. It's not so bad right.
Yeah, it's not so bad.
I mean, you wouldn't even be able to tell if I were naked
Yeah... night Phil
[snoring]
Phil. Phil you're on my side. Phil.
Phil
Phil!
Phil?
What?! I'm trying to sleep.
[Chris scream]
I- I forgot my uh, my my car
You want some ice?
Wait, wait what?
That's too much. [laughing]
Yeah?
I don't like that one. Yeah?
Wait, wait what ?
[more laughter]
It's- what are my Korean Wong FU tendency?
I know he moves around a lot in his sleep
[shudders]
Sorry. You look great Taylor.
This is how I normally look
[even more laughter]
[laughs] Sorry. Just thinking of the edit already.
What?
[Wail]
What are y- stop turning on and off the lights
Hey everyone hope you guys- stop looking at me
Sorry. Haha. It's making me very uncomfortable.
Who do you think was right?
Chris or myself. Tell us in the comments below.
I still think I was right. What's the big deal?
Anyways, hope you guys are enjoying this series, click here
If you want to see the previous episode. Click up here if you want to watch
Lunch Break on our second channel. It's our talk show.
Click down here for the next episode of Offline.
Bye! Thanks for watching. See ya